girl will Swedish there today
Minecrafters and hey you going steve-o
here with another video today i want to
show you an update for um my epic
project i do a quick calculation earlier
on that i'm up to about forty six
percent complete that's based on
calculate percentages of what I've done
so like calculating that I've about this
far done with one part so like ninety
percent in one part and whatever another
and so yeah ran about forty six percent
that's just taken forever to load duh I
can understand why it's a lot to it and
I've done quite a bit since i last made
a video on my thing so this here it's
probably the latest edition and
obviously this back section here which
are talk about it well this here is a
binary decoder so i've got i've decided
or i've converted my system to a binary
decoder a binary storage and then binary
decoder because it's a lot more
efficient and so for example that there
is one character so there is a letter M
so when it comes through it because it
goes backwards through there comes back
through here and will code for fully
roundabout hereish M which I think I was
right right on the money almost I was
how about that that is exactly a M what
do you know so yeah that's my there so
it comes through here it would code M
which is M is currently a five-by-five
array of numbers by her trust me I did
not scoop that I was just lucky um and
so that M will come through on this
screen here and the screen now these
this bus and then display on the screen
now you this looks a lot more
complicated than my normal scrolling
texting and that's because I've added
Shin ality for three possible speeds on
the other thing so let me just reset
these two that lag I'm going to
eventually have them connected in it but
that's this is just a manual function so
I can play with it a bit more so like
for example if I wanted it to be the
middle speed these two would go down so
that one would go down and that won't we
go down and so yeah that's that's
essentially how it's going to work so
i'll probably have another binary system
for that so have a two-bit system and
that would work out perfectly for
functioning which speed is is on and
which ones are off but I'll worry about
that later so yeah so essentially how
this back section work this is just
basically the scrolling text this is
where the restored why isn't that on the
stored questions why isn't that on I
worry about that later but that's not on
odd ah i see that line there is is down
interesting
on two seconds that's weird should be
fixed now yep that's weird I don't know
why I did that all right anyway it's
fixed now so these here after the user
inputted responses the bottom one being
the first one stored and that will go to
here since you read from left to right
this will be the first user inputted
letter which you come from that bottom
row and each row each corresponding row
is an a digit from on here so let's have
a look at the inside so you can kind of
see what I'm talking about and what this
is all about especially if you are new
to my system or my project you'll be
able to understand it better now I don't
know why the lighting so messed up it's
uh it's something I have to fix up later
though but yeah it wasn't like this in
minute ago so essentially what's
happening is these sections below the
red wall for my user inputted answers
this up the top here is where the
question scroll across and see be able
to see the question scroll across and
then you'll be able to input and answer
so it's very different to anything else
you've probably ever played before and
that redstone is known for its own the
lighting it's really messed up but I
will fix it up later and so yeah that's
the basis of it this here is my input
selection for the for the different
buttons so like here's a my buttons
they're eventually going to connect to
this thing and then from there to
wherever they go this is for those
letters of the alphabet to eventually go
and imprint on this memory for display
so there's a lot of different things to
take into account this here this stack
which is currently too high will be a
lot higher when it's done and this is
where all the text is stored currently
I've stored about half a sentence I
recently obviously restarted all that
but this whole line
this whole line from the very back of
the screen to hear stores 70 characters
or 71 at maximum so I'm pretty happy
about that so I'm going to haven't
started storing my questions yet or
anything like that but they're coming
and I'm working on it so yeah still come
to i picked up the em straight away that
with that was awesome i've been working
with this too much i think so
essentially what happens is as you can
see it's a whole bunch of torches and
what that basically how that works is a
binary number will come through down
down this thing and then what will
happen is it will come down through here
and for every low if there's some these
will correspond to the different values
so this only has one to watch on now
this actually I probably shouldn't want
to fight a little bit yeah I'm still
working on how I'm going to have it
display but it's um essentially for each
one of these that's coded it will print
you out a different letter of the
alphabet and then it'll display on the
screen that's how I'm going to do
everything basically it's going to be
the it's probably the easiest way to do
it and in yeah I don't know what else to
say i think i've i've covered what i
wanted to cover and actually I really
you can see a problem with this system I
need to work on that so probably be
different next time you see it and I
still need to hook up my reset line for
every time a new character comes through
but um that's still a work in progress
and I'll figure that out soon like for a
synergy press store and this will reset
the previous function and yeah I don't
know I'll figure it out a bit more as I
go but yeah this is where it's at at the
moment so stay tuned for the progress of
this
I'm steve-o and this project is epic so
I stay tuned for how it turns out
alright this up got a little Swedish
there
you